+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| nuOS 0.0.11.4a0                                                      `_v_'  |
| Copyright (c) 2008-2020 Chad Jacob Milios and Crop Circle Systems.  {(0,0}  |
| All rights reserved.                                               /),,,,)  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------"--"---+

    Additional information is in the README file. Use of this software or
    participation in this society or on these networks constitues a binding
    agreement to the terms and claims in that file as well as this one.

Any member(s) may lawfully engage in private trade, in good faith outside of
this agreement and notwithstanding their membership. You are free to pursue all
common or natural law or recourse, including but not limited to those services
of equity we provide; however, no legal standing, expressed or implied, is being
offered or provided.

This society, its founders, and your association with it, them and other
members, are not subject to any legal jurisdictions, save those laws both common
and natural, as applicable upon the land and found in lawfully operating
judicial courts of common pleas, redresses and equities.

Shall you pursue civil commerce with any member of this society you must do so
under a separate explicit agreement or contract. We are not chartered under any
corporation or organization, whatsoever [including government corporations or
organizations, regardless of claims made by any agent operating beyond its
constitution, grant, oath, charter or treaty]. No agent of executive,
legislative or administrative order shall act upon any member without separate
civil contract and only as sanctioned by, and subject to, lawful judicial review
of that contract.

nuOS trademarks and servicemarks may only be applied implicitly to products and
services from, or applied explicitly to others of the same by, Chad Jacob of the
Milios family (witnessed living on American Independence Day of the year 2018),
or in the event he is either unquestionably found dead upon the land or has been
lost at sea for a period of no less than seven years, then by his prince heir,
Lincoln Alexander, son of Caitlyn Michelle and known to the State of Florida.

Chad Jacob, the living man and member of the Milios private American family, as
well as the United States citizenship of which he is the named creditor,
benefactor and beneficiary [even while possibly operated or administered by its
greater civil or corporate trustees], both are hereby BOUND by this full
agreement, in perpetuity and without revocability. This agreement hereby also
BINDS in like fashion any and all entities and persons operating under
incorporation of, beside and notwithstanding decorporation of, doing business
as, or affiliated with those of the same, Crop Circle Systems, whenever such
acts are in promotion or representation of the nuOS brand, trademarks or
servicemarks.
