+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| nuOS 0.0.11.1a1                                                                   /(o\ |
| Copyright (c) 2008-2017 Chad Jacob Milios and Crop Circle Systems, Inc.           \o)/ |
| All rights reserved.                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

nuOS software is and will always be free. Free to use, free to modify, free to distribute. 

Beside the 7 root association bitcoin donation addresses, the deposits to which will fund the project as a whole, there are goal-specific addresses which are used to steer the direction of the project at the behest of contributors. If you have a suggestion for a plan or a recommendation for a sub-categorization please join the project forum and send a message.

If you develop enhancements to the software your contributions of patches or pull requests to the project's association are greatly appreciated, not mandatory. Your open planning and coordination with our developers and users on the project forum will help the project advance with greater success and unification, but is not an expectation.

Your contributions of time and quality code may earn you coin! Your contribution of coin will spur advancement and refinement. Vote with your coin for plans as specifically or generally as you prefer. Various contributing developers within and loyal to the nuOS project may be publicly traded or accepting private investment, so bitcoin donations are not the only way to contribute to or steer the project. Fund our loosely-knit worldwide band of merry nerds! Feed, clothe, bathe or shelter your local nerd and encourage them to advance the nuOS project!

These are the tenets of this project as outlined in the README:

Ease of use
Security
Integration, consistency
Robustness, stability
Speed, performance, efficiency
Functionality
Compatibility

The following goals have commitments in the SCHEDULE which may be met or exceeded through your contribution:

nuBSD (nuOS on FreeBSD)
Project forums

The following plans are underway in the TODO file and may be accelerated with your help:

Documentation
Secure management web interface
  Installation
  System management
    Package management
  Graphical user interface
  Programmatic REST API
Mercurial support everywhere Git is supported
QEMU, Xen, kvm et al everywhere VirtualBox is
Server capabilities

The following plans are APPROVED by the project and may be researched and/or developed with your help:

Client capabilities
  Laptop capabilities
  Tablet capabilities
Embedded capabilities
Branding
Marketing
nuGenode (nuOS on Genode)
NetBSD support for nuBSD

The following plans are PROPOSED by users and may find approval with your support:

nuLumos (nuOS on illumos)
nuLinux (nuOS on Linux)
OpenBSD support for nuBSD
Dragonfly support for nuBSD
