+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| nuOS 0.0.11.2a1                                                      `_v_'  |
| Copyright (c) 2008-2018 Chad Jacob Milios and Crop Circle Systems.  {(0,0}  |
| All rights reserved.                                               /),,,,)  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------"--"---+

    This entire written work, its surrounding society, and everything
    embodied about, within and throughout, are for informational research
    purposes only and have no expressed nor implied fitness for use nor
    merchantability of any kind, certainly no expressed nor implied warranty
    for same. Every effort that impeccable integrity in purpose and function
    be maintained has been and shall be made in good faith. You are
    ultimately responsible for your own understanding and use or failure
    thereby; no other member shall be held or may be found liable.

Goals of this project include the production and dissemination of a free
software platform which is easy to use, secure, well integrated, robust, fast,
offers advanced functionality and is as backward-compatible as possible.

nuOS operating system software is free and always will be free to use, free
to modify, free to distribute. Please see the LICENSE file for a copy of the
Berkley Standard Distribution (or 'BSD') [simplified] license of copyright.*

nuOS online services are not required; all services offered shall be implemented
within the core system software, to be duplicated and operated freely and
independently at will. Nevertheless, nuOS online service offerings are free and
will always be free of cost, free of restriction and free from intrusion upon
liberty or privacy.

    There can be no violation of these trusts whereby or upon which a nuOS
    brand shall be lawfully carried on any product, service, affiliation,
    association or organization.

The nuOS brand and related marks are only to be lawfully used non-commercially
and in private affairs or trade.

    Civil, corporate, public, personal and individual entities are certainly
    free to operate using nuOS software and upon nuOS networks for any and
    all legal commerce. However, as per this binding agreement, entities
    including those types aforementioned shall be barred and must forgo any
    and all types of affiliation, agreement, contract, joinder, transaction,
    encumbrance or incentive such as relates in any way to nuOS products and
    services or the promotion of nuOS brands.

Both your membership to and participation in this society are free, voluntary
and private. You will not be compelled by any lawful member. Payment shall not
be expected nor tendered for any products or services; levies, taxes, bills or
contraversies shall not be charged. Your participation establishes and exhibits
an equitable interest in this society while your membership implies an
established trust, both of which you are hereby explicitly free to dissolve at
any time. Nothing contained herein constitues an agreement or indication that
any members or participants are to engage in commerce or to be subject to any
commercial statues, codes or regulations.

    Additional information is in the LEGAL file. Use of this software or
    participation in this society or on these networks constitues a binding
    agreement to the terms and claims in that file as well as this one.

You are free to use or create your own brand to apply to any implementations
derivative of nuOS system software or online services.

Third-party application softwares upon nuOS may without restriction be covered
by other licenses or terms, beside rather than beneath, this agreement. Be sure
to see said applications' documentation, if applicable.

    It is your responsibility to proverbially or literally scream from your
    own rooftop, or assemble in your own proverbial or literal town square,
    regarding any event of discovery of any violation of members' or
    peoples' trust(s) [regarding this, or anything, really].

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      We, the society of private or anonymous independent ethical hackers,
       thank you graciously and dearly for your membership and patronage.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* You should be wary of anyone promoting the Gnu Public License, or 'GPL', and
such works. Be on notice: indeed there are some self-contained standalone
submodules within nuOS which are individually covered by some of the confusing
variations and versions of the GPL. (When the most state of the art
implementation of a given highly desirable module is one which is GPL covered,
it is given due consideration and many times accepted within the greater OS,
albiet with an earmark for possible future suitable replacement.) These files
are all clearly marked within. The GPL is still a very open, sharing, and
well-intending copyright license granting unlimited free use. It's restrictions
come only in how it may modified and/or distributed for financial gain. If you
are building and distributing software, services or products for commercial
profit you should always have contact with your own attorney.
